we're having a really nice weather here
in Oregon probably one of the last few
weeks we have left before the weather
starts getting colder and colder it's
already getting really cold at night so
I thought I'd do a cold start a really
cold start on the accurate vigour
I'm having some problems with it lately
that I haven't the reason I haven't been
making many very many videos on it
freaking head gasket went and unlike on
other cars when the head gasket goes
this one is still pretty drivable and it
doesn't have water in the oil or white
smoke out the tailpipe or anything it
just likes to blow coolant hoses and
stuff like that also about this common
problem I made a video on see all that
yeah that's power steering fluid leaking
from the power steering rack and as it's
sat here it's almost drained the entire
reservoir down onto the ground and
someone left me a comment saying one of
the other common Acura bigger problems
was the alarm going off when you turn
the key well this one does that too and
let's see if I can it'll either do it or
it won't look didn't do it sometimes
when you go to unlock it it just starts
honking and stuff and anyway there's
something in the door here like a little
electrical thing and sometimes it gets
corroded or wet from water seeping down
in there so it's 92 acura vigor with two
hundred and sixty five thousand on it
and as been started in quite a while
since I learned the head gasket had gone
I'm just waiting to save up the money to
do it
so let's cold starter open the hood up
so we just get back so that we can look
under their wallets
even with a blown head gasket there's no
white smoke
for a like a kitty
shadows kind of bad but there's like
hardly any power steering
but yes in some of the compression from
the engine is going into the cooling
system we've got the hole blowing
coolant hose things going on so then we
have the coolant tested for having
hydrocarbons in it which is a byproduct
of combustion see if I can back up here
without hitting anything a lot of
obstacles
this thing hasn't even been driven at
least a body
just go take a little cruise around the
block with her
still chefs good
Wow it's really weird
I haven't driven this thing is so long
it feels of solid sturdy
forgot how does it feel
it concludes our little tour I guess
stick it back under its little home here
good little car just need the money for
a new head gasket it's coming baby
it's coming